My name is Fernando and I'm from Colombia.
And I had an opportunity
to take an internship there last summer.
Maybe you are wondering:
why should I host someone?
Why should I give him my bed
my food or my space?
But maybe you should ask yourself:
why should I welcome someone to my life?
And I think the best things in life,
you get them when you go for them.
And when you take the risk to go for them you know.
And I think it's completely worth it
to take the risk is welcome someone
is your life 'cause at the end of the day
you just have someone
who're just making jokes
or just cooking food
or just hangin ' around with.
And now That person
Became just your brother or sister
and you wonder like: how?
How did it happen?
You know, just in 6 weeks.
So it happened because
to open your heart
and Provide him an amazing experience.
So I really Encourage you to keep providing
Those experiences and ...
have a lot of new friends.  Subtitles End: mo.dbxdb.com